be a knight Walker even though the
Millers feel a lot more confident in the
forest now they know that they have only
just scratched the surface of how forest
nightlife survives
it's like a huge and complicated jigsaw
puzzle where they can't even see the
shape of many of the pieces
to achieve any understanding the Millers
need a slow and as painstaking approach
as the Jaguar applies to each and every
hunt
no creature has the upper hand in the
jungle night prey and predator are
equally matched their senses are the
sharp end of survival
the Jaguar can easily smell its quarry
but all its faculties must be alert the
merest of scratches from a fiesty
peccary could lead to a debilitating
infection so it works carefully it may
spy on a group of peccaries for several
nights and then use its experience of
air currents and animal movements to set
an ambush the Jaguar gains height and
patiently waits to see whether a peccary
separates from its group surprise is its
only option
what makes the difference between a
successful or failed hunt is just one of
the many things we may never know about
this alien world knowledge helps to push
back our fear of the dark but it's a
world with which we may never feel
completely at ease